Versions, readme, M4 workaround (#158)
conduktor/kafka-stack-docker-compose: README.md

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/conduktor/kafka-stack-docker-compose/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/conduktor/kafka-stack-docker-compose/actions)

> # An open-source project by   [![Conduktor.io](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/conduktor/conduktor.io-public/refs/heads/main/logo/dark-green-bg-app.png)](https://conduktor.io/)

Author: ```suggestion
# An open-source project by   [![Conduktor.io](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/conduktor/conduktor.io-public/refs/heads/main/logo/logo-signature.png)](https://conduktor.io/)
```

> # An open-source project by   [![Conduktor.io](https://www.conduktor.io/images/logo.svg)](https://conduktor.io/)

Author: update logo link

> # An open-source project by   [![Conduktor.io](https://www.conduktor.io/images/logo.svg)](https://conduktor.io/)

Author: ```suggestion
# An open-source project by   [![Conduktor.io](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/conduktor/conduktor.io-public/refs/heads/main/logo/dark-green-bg-app.png)](https://conduktor.io/)
```

A: yes. This is for testing only!!! Reduce the KAFKA_LOG_SEGMENT_BYTES to 16MB and the KAFKA_LOG_RETENTION_BYTES to 128MB

```

>   Kafka1:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  kafka1:
```
